At some point in the future the medical industry will need to stop solely asking for sex (M/F) and start asking also for chromosomal markers (XX, XY, or the rare OTHER) because they really just want to know what kind of medical conditions you're genetically predisposed to.
A pro player dating a cosplayer is the eSport-equivalent of a quarterback dating a cheerleader.
A masterclass is often taught by a highly motivated and talented individual, two key characteristics which can't be taught.
Men that have a prettier girlfriend than themselves are seen as successful and cool. But with men with an "uglier" woman, everyone wonders what's wrong with the man.
Mosquitoes are the closest living thing to Vampires.
Your immune system can only lose once
Picking your nose is the equivalent of cleaning your air filters
Motorcycles are able to literally skip traffic by driving between cars
You don’t appreciate all the muscles in your mouth until you’ve been speaking your non native language for a few minutes and your mouth starts to hurt.
The terms "peer" and "peon" are an accurate description of their relationship.
The 7.5 billion people on Earth will all die in gruesome ways because of things like cancer, hunger, Alzheimer's, and constipation.
Brittany Murphy would have made a great Harley Quinn.
The punctuation mark was probably named colon, just to inform you that there's some shit below that you probably don't want to see.
Before cell phones had touch screens, the the smallest phones were most popular. After Cell Phones added touch screens, the largest phones became most popular. If cell phones become capable of projecting interactive holograms, the smallest phones will likely be the most popular again.
It is both appreciated and horrifying to find a public toilet with a warm seat.
A dream is like a transition back into waking up, seeing as you only really remember the ones you have before you wake.
If Dr. Strange would’ve just used the full potential of the Time Stone at any point he could’ve avoided all 14,000,605 outcomes.
In a world of decapitators, "Where's your head at?" Is the ultimate troll song.
In the world of Zootopia, small offices would smell terrible after everyone got wet on their way inside.
Wearing a knitted sweather is actually wearing an extremely sofisticated knot.
"You sound like a broken record", soon this expression will have absolutely no meaning to the new generation.
Calling a PC a "gaming computer" is to PC people like calling a car a "fast car" or "sports car" to car people.
Earth is spinning lefty-loosey.
Toasters are advanced versions of a Jack in the Box but with an added cooking feature.
You are never stuck in traffic, you caused it
If the world became a post apocalyptic setting, it would be really dull without the music we’re used to in games and films.
The amount of numbers between 0 and 1 (1.1, 1.11, etc.) is infinite, but the amount of numbers between 0 and 2 is more infinite. infinity&lt;infinity
Having body dysmorphia is like starting an RPG with a few bad customization tweaks.
People who slouch aren't straight
A horse’s legs are just really long fingers.
Old people driving motto: "when in doubt, pull out"
Movies are just fast travel lifes
The most opulent chairs are usually the least comfortable.
In some alternate universe everything we have achieved electronically here has been achieved mechanically.
Super heroes don’t have kids because if they had they probably wouldn’t have time/dedication to be super heroes
People who need glasses have a broken manual focus .
Designers, engineers, inventors, etc., all probably experienced a big bump in their creativity after the "thinking outside the box" style desperate measures undertaken in WWII. This probably led to an explosion of new thinking.
If you pee you are piss man
Six weeks isn’t all that long to wait for something, until that something is a broken bone to heal.
A hip cramp while sitting on the toilet would suck.
A defense attorney's job is, in part, to gaslight witnesses.
Adulthood is grabbing a handful of napkins BEFORE you eat and get ketchup on your shirt
those "this message will self-destruct" type messages found in shows like inspector gadget and mission impossible were the original Snapchat
Snapchat filters are like catnip for ugly girls.
Changing your password after being hacked is the equivalent to putting on a helmet after being shot in the head.
Whbn youww tryh tqw typ undwr a shwbr it fchchfbc
If you spend 8-20hrs a week playing video games imagine the things you could have accomplished during that time tallied up over years!
eating pussy and eating ass is the same thing in a different orientation.
Santa Claus has become one of the biggest symbols of capitalism.
Most video game isn’t even real when u think abuot it
People are not only annoyed by the need to wake up early (think alarm clocks), but also the need to sleep early
bird was frred in swimm BUT shitt capret do flew of
The only constant in this universe is the 'variable'
Non-stick coatings stick to pans
Cereal are perfect for when you're hungry for drink but not quite thirsty.
Hunting is the quietest sport, until it's the loudest.
It’s better for public transportation to be late than early
Strictly speaking, everyone is both full of themselves and full of shit
Farts are the sneezes of the asshole
In 100 years, when most, if not all, current social media websites are outdated, they’ll just be a modern graveyard.
You can have discomfort but you can’t be discomfortable and you can be uncomfortable but you can’t have uncomfort
Year-to-Date Charts and Trends are basically worthless for the first few days of the year.
Aging alcohol is just like creating a time capsule.
The phrase “Curiosity Killed the cat but satisfaction brought it back” doesn’t apply to humans since we don’t have 9 lives
If every car actively used Waze and reported speed traps, hardly anyone would get a ticket anymore.
there is no way to describe colours to a blind person
If “Rugrats All Grown Up” was released now instead of in 2003, it would be so much more popular.
People who mention post history are the equivalent of people who say "Damn your breath stinks" in an argument
Fruit snacks are knock off gummi bears with a better marketing team
Hot food is like sex; hours of prep for that three-minute window.
If you are near-sighted you still see everything blurry in the mirror, even if the mirror is right next to you
An anti energy drink would be just as popular as energy drinks.
Air could be the reason of our deaths it could just take 60 years to work
You come up with a really good idea just to find out someone on this planet has already beat you to it
We developed radio to spread news, then started using it for music. We then developed devices to take our music everywhere, now we use them for podcast that are basically news.
We have one more year to make a 20/20 joke.
Rule 34 is the opposite of NoFap
There is a non zero chance you could run full speed at a tree and pass through it
Children are afraid of darkness because they recently spent an infinite amount of time in it before being born.
It's weird to think that today's very modern supercars will at one point be considered retro.
You can't actually swim in space
We think of a person as 'dead' if we can no longer interact with them.
True integrity is not cutting through parking spaces in a parking lot even when it's empty
A silencer on a bike makes a shit ton of noise.
Even though spongebob is animated,
Joe Swanson drives without his legs
Moderating is Gate Keeping
If superpowers were an actuality, most people would choose to be supervillians and the world would meet its end quickly
If you think about it, people may see things at different frame rates or field of views
When our kids watch 'The Matrix'
Ypu can go fishing for fish but you can't go deering for deer.
When someone doesn’t work we assume they’re unmotivated, when someone doesn’t go to the gym we assume they’re lazy, but when someone doesn’t go to therapy we assume they’re normal.
Two people had to experiment putting different things in different places to be the first people to reproduce
No one remembers the first time they opened their eyes (except for the guys who woke up in the matrix)
Nobody cares about rain forests or the ozone layer. These topics used to be everywhere, but now there's no mention of them.
A person who weighs 100 lbs would have to eat more than 500 lbs of ripe tomatoes in one sitting to die from solanine poisoning
Things usually can't be hard and easy simultaneously, but masturbating is only easy when it's hard
Take your kid to work day
If you were to spontaneously swap consciousnesses with someone else, neither of you would notice since you would be operating on each others brains.
The earth is the largest object on earth
We would all be fucked up if Adam suffered from a deep social anxiety
The fact that we instantly assumed and still believe that aliens are superior to us intellectually is proof of society’s pessimism.
Everyone could take a PI as a username.
@o m0d has a severe fuck
People who don't make New Years resolutions are the smart ones because you can't disappoint yourself with breaking your resolutions if they never existed in the first place.
30 Years ago everyone could afford a house, but no one could afford a big TV. These days, everyone has a big TV but no one can afford a house.
A kitchen at your work is like the opposite of having an office at home.
Technically every man's penis has been inside his own mother at some point
if jails had brochures, they’d probably be the only brochures where everyone isn’t smiling and the weather isn’t perfect.
Gordon probably hidden chef mike in a closet
An empty kinder surprise would be the real surprise
first u think highschool will be great, than u will think collage will be great and last u will think having a job is great.
“Too long; didn’t read” had to be shortened to TL;DR because it was too long and people didn’t read it
You are too big to ride the dog by the time you are smart enough to think you can ride the dog
Star Wars might be so popular because it's Sci-Fi and fantasy on one package
Our intestines are just icing pastry bags with a round decoration tip.
Eating fuck at the park is acceptable
it’s easier to get closure when the person died, as opposed to a break up.
Poachers are basically professional animal abusers.
NSFW content for adult film workers is actually SFW
As the sea rises, there will be fewer and fewer mountains.
Everything is transparent if it is sliced thin enough
You don't realise how big an inch is until it comes to measuring your penis.
The word “building” is both present tense and the finished build.
If you flash your junk in public you could be charged with indecent exposure but if you do the same on the internet/text you are in the clear.
there are 80,658,175,170,943,878,571,660,636,856,403,766,975,289,505,440,883,277,824,000,000,000,000 difference combinations of a deck of cards
It must take babies quite a lot of time to realise that the sounds adults make in their presence is an attempt to communicate with them
It's sad that so many people are unwilling to form an opinion on an act without first knowing who committed it.
Snooze buttons are bigger than the off buttons... as if the alarm companies want us to be late
The kid from wonder would have a hard time doing Face ID
When life throws you a curve ball, you either duck, dive, or dip-- or get hit in the nuts.
Christmas decorations are like teaspoons.
Spider-Man can pee effectively even with a boner by standing upside-down on the ceiling
In less than 150 years from now all of the 7.6 Billion people alive on earth today will be dead and replaced with a completely different set of people.
The only reason smartphones are vertical is because of the placement and length of our thumbs
If personal space is considered a universally accepted thing. Why can’t the same be attributed to people’s noise and sound space in small room and places.
No one cares if you curse with an illness that killed many people in the past, but when you curse with an illness that still kills many people it's suddenly not OK.
Being famous overnight on YT is same as waking up as an adult on Christmas morning but find many presents under the tree for you!
There might actually be an Emily that’s 2 miles away wanting to hook up from those PornHub ads.
Missouri would be a terrifying place if there were a bunch of silverback gorillas there
man made roofs are fighting against gravity all the time
We spent most of human history thriving without computers while now society would enter a dark age without them.
It's hard trying to think about hearing your own language if you don't know it.
Literally your entire life could be one giant false memory. You don't know whether the things you did yesterday were actually the things you did yesterday.
The cessation of people wishing a Happy New Year is the equivalent of an applause coming to an end.
Grabbing things is just like hugging but to a smaller scale. You accept and take care of what you grab using your hands and fingers instead of using your arms and body.
Cell phones are absolute filth but nobody seems to mind.
The only thing worse than having no vehicle is having no internet plan on your phone so you cannot check google maps for directions.
The average human being has two legs, one boob and one testicle
Blood coming out of your nose is much less alarming than blood coming out of your butt.
Rapist is in Therapist because they’re raping your mind
Where the fuck do finger nails come from
If your username has a number in it, it's because many others use that same username, unless that number is 69, which makes you the original.
Having kids unlocks several excuses for social events you don't want to come.
What do aliens think we look like based on the pioneer plaque.
A yellow-bodied red-banded octopus swimming up and to the left. You've seen it, but you don't know where.
If zebras lived with the dinosaurs and all that was left of them was their bones, we'd have no way of knowing they had stripes.
It's sad how in these days we smile more often to the phone than to people.
Trained wrestlers tripping ordinary people probably feels as easy as ordinary people tripping soccer players
We just have to take it at face value that everything that occurred before we were born happened the way people said it did..
People with amazing handwriting kind of got screwed since the majority of communication is typed.
The male leader of a pride of lions can sleep with the lionesses he wants to. So Scar probably banged Nala and Simba's mother a bunch of times when Simba ran away. He had no male competitors in the pride.
As more people become historic figures, schools will either make more days off in their honor, or replace the likes of Dr. King and George Washington to fit the new people in.
Even being able to travel at lightspeed, reaching our closest neighbour star Alpha Centauri, would take almost 4 and a half years.
Disney looks high and mighty when a Make-a-Wish recipient goes there. If they really cared, they wouldn't take the foundation's money in the first place.
Planning fun things is really fun. It's sometimes more fun than actually doing them.
In 1950 people inherited a home and a annuity. In 2050 people will inherit a virtual "homestead" / character and Crypto currency.
There are really only 10 numbers in the whole universe
In the future, printed books will be a luxury item.
We don't realise the importance of something until we think about the world without it.
We eat turkey, chicken, ostrich meat; we drink cow, buffalo, goat milk; but we only eat hen eggs
Your forehead is like the bangs of your skin.
If one side of 4 sided object cannot be landed on, then it is just as likely to land on a given side as a 3 sided object.
Aliens from another planet probably would think humans have super powers.
Poor people are usually poor.
Naming the Washington Monument, The Washington Monument is like a guy named Kevin having a kid and naming it “Kevin’s Kid”
January has become the 'ugandan knuckles appreciation month'
The rules of physics, chemistry, biology and maths are essentially programmed to collectively work as an AI system to build and maintain the entire Universe on its own
There is a small sense of victory in waking up only a few minutes before your alarm goes off
If eyes are windows to the soul then every photo is a stolen horcrux.
Breastfeeding babies are at the top of the food chain.
There have been plenty of false dawns but one rarely hears about a false dusk.
Gas has gotten cheaper but it sure is burning quicker.
If black cat is mix of white cat and black cat then fidget spinner is mix of fidget and spinner
Human beings are great at adapting to their environment. But now that our environment is almost completely man made, it has the potential to adapt against you, especially if you are seen as a resource.
We’re stuck in the present.
It would be awesome if after your death you get a kill-cam showing how you died
You can't normally think of a thought before revising it
Lil Pump is modern art.
Galaxies get further apart which makes it harder to find the aliens
Covers songs are the only time it’s acceptable to perform another artists work
In the future, Despacito will one day be considered old, classical music.
Everyone has worn so many clothes that they can’t remember ever wearing.
Given that knocking from door to door is probably the earliest form of spam, and joshua witness are known for knocking from door to door, we are blessed that they haven't started mass spamming people with emails and social medias yet
We probably wont know when Banksy dies, just that it's been a while since we've seen any work from him.
what could have possibly caused bananas to evolve into the shape they are
When we’re young we like to be told we look older than our age, but when we’re older we like to be told we look younger than our age
If you eat child you become a criminal offender
Pandora’s box for many is now the medicine cabinet.
The only creatures going extinct are the ones we like. White rhinos? Gone. Tigers and polar bear? On the way out. Mosquitoes? On a come up.
If we are actually in a simulation, then maybe fog is a way to decrease the render distance when too much RAM is full
All things considered, if turning over in the grave was something corpses actually did, it would have been terrifiying to behold.
Even a single hair has a shadow
When Pablo Picasso said “put off until tomorrow what you are willing to die having left undone,” he wasn’t encouraging teenagers to have sex.
Miley Cyrus proves that broken hearts are genetic.
A noose is a loophole.
The ratings staff at the ESRB are probably more desensitised than any gamer.
In speech, it takes less effort to say “bruh” than “bro”. In writing it takes more effort to type “bruh” than “bro”.
The first laxative was probably created on accident.
If aliens were to visit earth they would probably only find the plastic waste we left behind
Porca della madonna nevica
If a conjoined twin dies, they both die.
A dog named 'Not Available' would be super hard to rehome at a dog shelter.
Human Beings could have originally had superpowers to wish for anything, but be instantly ruined by one person wishing for them to be gone.
Orphans are the free soloists of life.
Relative to the sun, you are the closest to your place of birth on your birthday than any other day of the year.
Grades are like a worse version of stocks that kids have invest in.
Sometimes telling the truth without sounding like you’re lying can be just as hard as lying convincingly.
At some point in the future, there will be world leaders who may have played a lot of The Sims
In a society with perfect equality, everyone gets the minimum wage. (What a 15yo makes at McDonald's)
Every single one of your ancestors has gotten laid
Dogs must know the 5 second rule. The second food falls out of the bowl or from the table it is the first thing one their mind.
they legalised the gay
New Zealand is actually not new, but really old
When you were little you probably thought your dad was the funniest person ever, but then you grew up and discovered the opposite
Everyones a sharpshooter in movies until the main protagonist is running away from them.
Bird Box is A Quiet Place but they changed not being able to speak with not being able to see
When all the wokes have gone broke, they'll want everyone else's moolah. It's a slippery slope.
Battle passes are pay-to-grind and pay-not-to-grind
The ability to perceive space in natural time is the gift of life.
Fidget spinners are the human version of cat toys.
Ever since smartphones became a thing almost everyone has the same ringtone. No one likes to play around with constantly changing their ringtones any more like they did with the first cell phones to flip phones.
Modern Spaceships will be some generation's wagon.
A two year old has probably been labelled a na zi by a woketard at some point for not sharing his toys with a child of colour.
Not bad is more positive than not good, or not nice.
Your life may not seem interesting to you, but it almost certainly does to those looking from the outside
Waiting for sex until marriage must be the most anticlimactic moment of their lives because the dude busts after 2 pumps
As far as we know, Luke Skywalker is a virgin who has only ever made out with his sister.
If first contact with an alien species is made by a woketard, imagine the wacky mayhem which would ensue if the alien asked how many genders our species has.
Ice cubes are actually water croutons
Insects sometimes seem like robots created by nature, with coded AI that's not really AI because it wasn't made by humans but whatever.
Post It -note is named intentionally to represent times after IT-era.
Everyone reaches a point in life where they no longer grow up but grow old
There must be no evolutionary advantage to knowing what your face looks like.
A venomous snake could die from biting their tongue.
There’s a fine line between becoming immortal and becoming undead.
A pharmacist is a drug dealer with an education
The way we live, the next organ to evolve will probably be the eyes.
peeing is like when the you turn into sink and give toilet some drink like the toilet is cup
Many people had amazing ideas for a TV series ,video games,books and inventions but gave it up because they thought it wouldn't be as good as imagined or simply fail
Internet is a Weapon of Mass Distraction
If the ground was transparent trees would basically be mirrored vertically.
Insurance companies stay in business because they profit off their average customer.
There are many differences between “race” and “ace” and the letter “r” is one of them
Puppet Shows are just Anal Fisting for children
Being assasinated while typing on a phone must be pretty ba
if sound is vibrations in the air maybe animals just speak on different "frequensies"
Steve Buscemi looks older the more movies of his you watch from the past
The sky is blue because papa smurf nutted in the air
If people came out in support of armed baby carriers, the stork would become be quite the foe.
Getting bailed from offence arrest is so counter-rehab. It is as if you can buy character.
Every market in Africa is a black market
Maybe stonehenge is just an ancient art installation
Think about this guys
An concussion is just a brain quake...
People go to the city to escape the country, but also go to the country to escape the city.
Stamp collectors use stamps to mail other stamps.
Child-locks in cars have probably been used more as pranks on other adults then they have been needed for children.
Waking up in the middle of the night and falling right back to sleep is your body's version of changing the channel in your dreams
It’s only when you look at ants through a microscope on a hot sunny day, you realise how often they explode into flames.
The world’s stock markets are such a pillar of stability that they’re being thrown in to chaos by people buying less iPhones.
Santa Claus runs a sweatshop
the word 'hear' is actually ear with an 'h'
If there where no gravity, humans wouldn't have learned how to walk. Crawling were enough.
Having something brush against your leg in the ocean is always a moment of terror.
